docs: update angular quickstart (#3025)
caos/zitadel: docs/docs/quickstarts/login/angular.md

### Create and configure Auth Module

> Add the Auth module to your Angular imports in AppModule and provide the AuthConfig the providers section. Also ensure you have importe the HTTPClientModule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the Auth module to your Angular imports in AppModule and provide the AuthConfig in the providers section. Also ensure to have imported the HTTPClientModule.
```
